Add FWE to sidenav (#11171)
flutter/website: src/content/get-started/fundamentals/widgets.md

of the available space, and a `Column` widget,
which lays out its children vertically one after another.

<img src='/assets/images/docs/fwe/simple_composition_example.png' width="100%" alt="A diagram that shows widget composition with a series of lines and nodes.">

In the [next page][] in this series, you will
learn more about layout in Flutter.

### Building widgets

To create a user interface in Flutter,
you override the [`build`][] method on widget objects.
All widgets must have a build method,
and it must return another widget. For example,
if you want to add text to the screen with some padding,
you could write it like this:

```dart
class PaddedText extends StatelessWidget {
  const PaddedText({super.key});

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return Padding(
      padding: const EdgeInsets.all(8.0),
      child: const Text('Hello, World!'),
    );
  }
}
```

The framework calls the `build` method when this
widget is created and when the dependencies of this
widget change (such as state that is passed into the widget).
This method can potentially be called in every frame
and should not have any side effects beyond
building a widget.

> For more information on how Flutter renders widgets,
> read [Flutter architectural overview][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how Flutter renders widgets,
check out the [Flutter architectural overview][].
```

> ### Widget state
> The framework introduces two major classes of widget:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Widget state

The framework introduces two major classes of widget:
```

stateful and stateless widgets.

Widgets that have no mutable state
(they have no class properties
that change over time) subclass [`StatelessWidget`][].
Many built-in widgets are stateless,
such as `Padding`, `Text`, and `Icon`.
When you create your own widgets,
you’ll create `Stateless` widgets most of the time.

On the other hand,
if the unique characteristics of a widget need to change
based on user interaction or other factors,
that widget is stateful.
For example, if a widget has a counter that
increments whenever the user taps a button,
then the value of the counter is the state for that widget.
When that value changes, the widget needs to be
rebuilt to update its part of the UI.
These widgets subclass [`StatefulWidget`][],
and (because the widget itself is immutable)
they store mutable state in a separate class that
subclasses [`State`][].
`StatefulWidgets` don't have a `build` method;
instead, their user interface is built through
their `State` object, as shown in the example below.

```dart
class CounterWidget extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  State<CounterWidget> createState() => _CounterWidgetState();
}

class _CounterWidgetState extends State<CounterWidget> {

>     int _counter = 0;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  int _counter = 0;
```
